 I’ll break down the screens and user flow you need for this app, as well as the necessary features for the admin panel, login system, and more.

App Flow and Screens
Splash Screen (optional)

A brief intro screen that displays your logo or loading animation.
This can transition to the Home screen after a few seconds.
Login Screen

Fields: Username/Email and Password.
Buttons: Login, Register, and Forgot Password (if you need that feature).
Functionality:
If the user logs in successfully, their details are stored in local storage (AsyncStorage or cookies).
If they don’t have an account, they can navigate to a Register screen.
Flow:

If login is successful, store user data (like token or username) in cache (e.g., AsyncStorage).
Redirect to the Home Screen.
Home Screen (Categories & Subcategories)

Components:
A list/grid of trivia categories (e.g., Movies, History, Sports, etc.).
Each category can be clicked to reveal subcategories (e.g., for Movies: “Action,” “Comedy,” “Sci-Fi,” etc.).
Buttons to start the trivia quiz or navigate to the Admin Panel (for users with admin access).
Flow:
Once the user clicks on a category, they should see a list of subcategories.
Clicking on a subcategory should navigate them to the Question Screen.
Question Screen (Trivia Question)

Components:
Question Text: The trivia question.
Multiple Choice Options: Display multiple options, and the user can select one.
Timer: A countdown timer for answering the question.
Buttons: “Submit” and “Next” (for moving to the next question).
Functionality:
Once the user selects an answer, you can show if they were right or wrong.
After a short delay, the next question loads automatically, or the user can manually click “Next.”
Track and show the user’s score as they progress.
Flow:

After answering a question, show the result (correct or incorrect).
Proceed to the next question, or end the quiz if no more questions are left.
Result Screen

Show the user’s score after completing the quiz.
Optionally, offer an option to play again or share results.
Admin Panel (For Admin Users)

Admins can log in and manage questions and categories.
Features:
Add/Remove Categories.
Add/Remove Questions (with correct answers, multiple choices, and related category/subcategory).
Edit existing questions (e.g., change wording or options).
Flow:
Admins access the admin panel from the Home screen.
From there, they can manage trivia categories and questions.
Register Screen (For New Users)

Fields: Name, Email, Password, Confirm Password.
Functionality: Once the user registers, they will be logged in automatically, and their details will be stored in cache (AsyncStorage or cookies).
Tech Stack & Features
To implement this trivia app in React Native with Expo, here's what you’ll need:

Navigation:

Use React Navigation for navigation between screens (stack, tab, and drawer navigators).
Example setup:
bash
Copy
npm install @react-navigation/native @react-navigation/stack
npm install react-native-gesture-handler react-native-reanimated
Define a stack for navigating between screens like Login → Home → Categories → Questions.
State Management:

Context API or Redux for global state (like user details, score tracking, categories, and subcategories).
Local Storage (for user details):

Use AsyncStorage or a similar solution to store the user's login info on the device.
bash
Copy
npm install @react-native-async-storage/async-storage
When the user logs in, save their details (username, token, etc.) to AsyncStorage.
API Backend (for storing and fetching trivia questions):

Set up a backend (e.g., Firebase, Node.js with Express, or even a simple REST API) where you can store trivia categories, questions, and subcategories.
Fetch questions from the backend based on the selected category/subcategory.
Admin Panel Backend:

Implement an Admin Panel where admins can manage trivia categories and questions (CRUD operations).
You can use Firebase or Node.js for this backend, depending on your preference.
Styling:

Use Styled Components or React Native Paper for styling components.
bash
Copy
npm install react-native-paper
User Authentication:

Implement login and registration using Firebase Authentication or JWT tokens.
You can store JWT tokens in AsyncStorage to maintain user sessions.
User Flow Example
Login Screen

User enters credentials.
Upon successful login, store user details in AsyncStorage and navigate to Home Screen.
Home Screen

Display categories.
User selects a category, which takes them to the next screen displaying subcategories.
User selects a subcategory, navigating to the Trivia Question screen.
Question Screen

Display trivia question and options.
User answers the question and clicks "Submit."
Show correct/incorrect result and move to the next question.
Track user’s score.
Result Screen

After completing the quiz, display the user’s score and allow them to retry.
Admin Panel (Admin Only)

Admin logs in.
Admin can add/remove categories and questions.
Admin can edit existing questions.
Additional Considerations
Timer: Add a countdown timer for each question, e.g., 30 seconds to answer.
Leaderboards: If you want to include competitive features, you could create a leaderboard that shows top scores.
Push Notifications: Notify users when new trivia categories or challenges are available.
Analytics: Track user interactions with the app to improve user experience.